LESSON THREE QUESTIONS

1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I can think of several reasons for why you would want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local. Namely:
----1. You want to access your code from any computer
----2. You want to work collaboratively with other people
----3. You want to share your work with other people

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You would want to pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically sync with your remote repository so you can take your time working on projects locally. Other users might also contribute to the GitHub repo which could interfere with the intention of your new code.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork creates a copy of someone else’s GitHub repository and puts it in your GitHub repository.

A clone allows you to pull down a copy of a GitHub repository onto your own machine so you can work on it with more command.

A branch allows you to deviate from an existing branch and and does not affect the master.

I would use a fork to use existing code that someone else created without collaborating directly on their master. I would use a clone I want to collaborate with other people on a GitHub repository we are all participants in. I would use a branch to work on new features I would like to test.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally allows you to check what differences exist between your local branch and the 'remote' branch when you are offline.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

To collaborate without Git or GitHub I would use something like Google Drive. The navigation of drive and the familiar interfaces would make it easier to start working with right away but that is about the only benefit. It would be harder to branch with the finesse that Git allows.
